What is anthrax?
Is anthrax contagious?
What causes anthrax?
How is anthrax contracted?
How common is anthrax?
What are risk factors for anthrax infection?
How long is the incubation period with anthrax?
What specialists treat anthrax?
How is the diagnosis made of anthrax?
What is the treatment for anthrax?
What is the prognosis for anthrax infections?
What is a bladder infection?
What causes bladder infections?
What are some risk factors for bladder infection?
What are the signs and symptoms of a bladder infection in men?
What are the signs and symptoms of a bladder infection in children?
How is a bladder infection diagnosed?
Are home remedies effective for a bladder infection?
How is a bladder infection during pregnancy treated?
What are potential complications of a bladder infection?
Can bladder infections be prevented?
What is the prognosis for a bladder infection?
What is bone cancer?
What is metastatic bone cancer?
What are risk factors for bone cancer?
What are bone cancer symptoms and signs?
What kinds of bone cancer occur in children?
What tests are used to diagnose bone cancer?
What is the treatment for bone cancer?
What specialists treat bone cancer?
Are there any treatments or medications that relieve bone cancer pain?
Is it possible to prevent bone cancer?
What is cancer?
What specialists treat cancer?
How do health-care professionals diagnose cancer?
How do physicians determine cancer staging?
What is the treatment for cancer?
Are there home remedies or alternative treatments for cancer?
What is the prognosis for cancer?
Is it possible to prevent cancer?
Where can people find more information about cancer?
What are serious but rare complications of cat scratch disease?
Is it possible to prevent cat scratch disease?
Where can people find more information about cat scratch disease?
What is chickenpox? What causes chickenpox?
What are risk factors for chickenpox?
How does chickenpox spread? What is the contagious period for chickenpox?
What does chickenpox look like?
What types of specialists treat chickenpox?
Are there home remedies for chickenpox?
What are the possible complications of chickenpox?
What is the prognosis of chickenpox?
What is a connective tissue disease?
What causes connective tissue disease?
What are genetic risk factors for developing connective tissue disease?
What autoimmune diseases are associated with connective tissue disease?
What is a coxsackievirus?
What are the types of coxsackieviruses, and what can they cause?
Is the coxsackievirus contagious?
How long are coxsackieviruses contagious?
What are coxsackievirus infection symptoms and signs?
How do people get infected with coxsackievirus?
What are the risk factors for coxsackievirus infection?
What specialists treat coxsackievirus infections?
How do physicians diagnose coxsackievirus infections?
Is it possible to prevent coxsackievirus infections?
What is the prognosis of coxsackievirus infections?
What is endocarditis?
What causes endocarditis?
What are the symptoms of endocarditis?
Who is at risk for endocarditis?
How is endocarditis diagnosed?
How is endocarditis treated?
What is fifth disease? What causes fifth disease?
Are there other symptoms that can occur with fifth disease?
How is fifth disease spread?
When is the contagious stage, and should I be isolated
if I have fifth disease?
Is it possible to prevent the spread of fifth disease?
What is flu (influenza)?
When does flu season begin and end?
Does a child's first flu infection help to determine the patient's lifelong risk to other viruses?
What is the incubation period for the flu?
How long is the flu contagious, and how long does the flu last?
How do health-care professionals diagnose the flu (influenza)?
How does flu spread?
What is the key to flu (influenza) prevention?
Are there any flu shot or nasal spray vaccine side effects in adults or in children?
How effective is the flu vaccine?
Why should the flu (influenza) vaccine be taken every year?
What types of doctors treat the flu?
What medications treat the flu?
What can people eat when they have the flu?
When should a person go to the emergency department for the flu?
Who should receive the flu vaccine, and who has the highest risk factors? When should someone get the flu shot?
What is the prognosis for patients who get the flu? What are possible complications of the flu?
Can the flu be deadly?
What is the bird (avian) flu?
Do antiviral agents protect people from the flu?
Is it safe to get a flu shot that contains thimerosal?
Where can people find additional information about the flu?
What is rubella (German measles)?
What are the complications of rubella?
How is rubella spread from person to person?
Does my child need the rubella vaccine (MMR)?
As an adult, do I need the rubella vaccine (MMR)?
What is group B strep?
How is group B strep transmitted?
How is group B strep infection diagnosed?
What types of doctors treat group B strep infections?
What are the complications of group B strep infection?
What is the prognosis of a group B strep infection?
Is it possible to prevent group B strep infection?
What is hantavirus? What is hantavirus pulmonary syndrome (HPS)?
What causes hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?
What are risk factors for hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?
Is hantavirus contagious?
How long is hantavirus contagious?
What is the incubation period for hantavirus?
How is hantavirus pulmonary syndrome diagnosed?
What specialties of doctors treat hantavirus?
What are complications of hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?
What is the prognosis of hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?
Is it possible to prevent hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?
Where can people get more information on hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?
What is the lymph system?
What is Hodgkin's lymphoma?
What are the types of Hodgkin's lymphoma?
How is the staging determined for Hodgkin's lymphoma?
Who are the doctor's who treat Hodgkin's lymphoma?
How do people get a second opinion for Hodgkin's lymphoma?
What is the follow-up care after treatment for Hodgkin's lymphoma?
What other support is available for cancer patients?
How long is a cold or flu contagious?
How will I know if I have a cold or the flu?
How do cold and flu viruses spread?
How will I know if I am cured of the flu or a cold?
When should someone seek medical care for a cold or the flu?
What is the history of HIV, and when was HIV discovered? HIV vs. AIDS
How is HIV spread (transmitted)?
What are symptoms and signs of HIV infection and AIDS in men, women, and children?
What happens after an exposure to the blood or genital secretions of an HIV-infected person?
What laboratory tests are used to monitor HIV-infected people?
When should antiviral therapy be started?
What is the initial therapy for HIV?
What are nucleoside and nucleotide analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs)?
What are nonnucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTIs)?
What are protease inhibitors?
What are fusion inhibitors?
What is a CCR5 antagonist?
What is an integrase strand transfer inhibitor?
What
HIV drugs are in development?
What are side effects of HIV therapy?
What happens if the patient's viral load increases while on HIV therapy?
What are the risks of missing doses or stopping antiviral therapy?
Should patients with the flu- or mono-like illness of primary HIV infection be treated?
What about treatment for HIV during pregnancy?
What can be done for people who have severe immunosuppression?
What is the future for HIV-infected individuals with regards to treatment simplification and cure research?
What is in the future for preventing HIV transmission?
What is hypothermia?
What are the risk factors for hypothermia?
What body parts are more susceptible to hypothermia?
What causes hypothermia?
What are the symptoms of hypothermia in infants and children?
Can a person experience hypothermia indoors?
When should I call my doctor for hypothermia?
How is hypothermia diagnosed?
What items should I have to be prepared to prevent hypothermia?
What is the prognosis for hypothermia?
What is infectious mononucleosis?
What is the cause of mono?
What are the risk factors for mono?
How is mono transmitted or spread? What is the incubation period for mono? What is the contagious period for mono?
What are the signs of mono?
What specialists treat infectious mono?
What are the complications of mono?
What is the prognosis of mono?
Is it possible to prevent mono?
What is malaria?
Is malaria contagious?
What is the incubation period for malaria?
How is malaria transmitted?
How long does malaria last, and how long will it take to be cured of malaria?
When should people seek medical care for a suspected malaria infection?
What is pneumonia?
Is pneumonia contagious?
When is pneumonia contagious?
What is the incubation period for pneumonia?
Can pneumonia spread?
How long is pneumonia contagious?
When should someone seek medical care for pneumonia?
What is sepsis?
Is sepsis contagious?
How will I know if someone has sepsis?
How is sepsis transmitted?
When will I know I am cured of sepsis?
When should I contact a health-care provider about sepsis?
What is swine flu?
Is swine flu (H1N1) contagious?
What is the contagious period for swine flu (H1N1)?
How will I know if I have swine flu?
How is swine flu transmitted?
How will I know if I am cured of swine flu?
When should I contact a medical caregiver about swine flu (H1N1)?
What is tuberculosis (TB)?
Is tuberculosis (TB) contagious?
How will I know if I have tuberculosis?
How do people transmit tuberculosis?
What is the incubation period for tuberculosis?
How will I know if I am cured of tuberculosis? What is the contagious period for TB?
When should I contact a medical caregiver about tuberculosis?
How common is Legionnaires' disease?
How is the diagnosis of Legionnaires' disease made?
Who develops Legionnaires' disease?
How is Legionnaires' disease spread?
How can Legionnaires' disease be prevented?
What is leptospirosis?
What causes leptospirosis?
Is leptospirosis contagious? What is the contagious period for leptospirosis?
What is the incubation period for leptospirosis?
What are risk factors for leptospirosis?
What specialists treat leptospirosis?
How do physicians diagnose leptospirosis?
What is the prognosis of leptospirosis?
What is malaria?
Is malaria contagious?
What is the incubation period for malaria?
What causes malaria?
What specialists treat malaria?
How do physicians diagnose malaria?
Can malaria reoccur after treatment?
What is the prognosis of malaria?
Is there a malaria vaccine?
What is Marburg virus disease?
What causes Marburg disease?
What are risk factors for getting Marburg infections?
How do health-care professionals diagnose Marburg viral infections?
What specialists treat Marburg infections?
Is it possible to prevent Marburg virus infections?
What is the prognosis for a Marburg virus infection? What complications may
occur with Marburg infections?
What research is ongoing about Marburg virus infections?
Why is Africa now seeing so many cases of what were relatively rare viral
diseases like Ebola and Marburg virus infections?
What is encephalitis?
What causes encephalitis?
What are encephalitis symptoms and signs?
Is encephalitis contagious?
Is it possible to prevent encephalitis? Is there an encephalitis vaccine?
What is meningitis?
What causes meningitis?
What is encephalomyelitis?
What are the risk factors for encephalitis and meningitis?
What specialties of doctors treat encephalitis and meningitis?
How do health-care professionals diagnose encephalitis and meningitis?
What is the prognosis (outlook), and what are the complications for patients with encephalitis or meningitis?
Is meningitis contagious?
What is meningococcemia?
What causes meningococcemia?
What are risk factors for meningococcemia?
What are symptoms and signs of meningococcemia?
How is meningococcemia diagnosed?
What is the treatment for meningococcemia?
What is the prognosis of meningococcemia?
Is it possible to prevent meningococcemia?
Where can people find more information on meningococcemia?
What is necrotizing fasciitis?
Are there different types of necrotizing fasciitis?
What causes necrotizing fasciitis?
Who is at risk to get necrotizing fasciitis?
What types of doctors treat necrotizing fasciitis?
Is it possible to prevent necrotizing fasciitis? Is necrotizing fasciitis contagious?
What is the prognosis (outcome) for patients with necrotizing fasciitis? What are complications of necrotizing fasciitis?
What are some additional sources of information on necrotizing fasciitis?
What is non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
What is the difference between non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and Hodgkin's disease (or Hodgkin's lymphoma)?
What are non-Hodgkin's lymphoma risk factors?
What kind of doctors treat non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
How do physicians diagnose non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
What are the types of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, and how is non-Hodgkin's lymphoma staging determined?
What is the treatment for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
Is it possible to prevent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
What is the latest research on non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
Where can people find more information about non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
What is pericarditis?
What causes pericarditis?
How is pericarditis diagnosed?
What are the complications of pericarditis?
What causes plague?
What are risk factors for plague?
What is the incubation period for plague?
Is plague contagious? How is plague transmitted?
What is the contagious period for pneumonic plague?
How do physicians diagnose plague?
What is the treatment for plague?
What is the prognosis of plague?
Is it possible to prevent plague? Is there a plague vaccine?
Could plague be used as a biological weapon?
What is the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV)?
When does RSV infection occur, and who gets it?
Who is at risk for severe disease?
Is RSV infection contagious, and how is RSV infection transmitted?
How is RSV infection diagnosed?
How can RSV infection be prevented?
What is the prognosis of an RSV infection?
What is roseola? Is roseola contagious?
What virus causes roseola?
How is roseola spread? What is the incubation period for roseola?
What specialties of doctors treat roseola?
How do health-care professionals diagnose roseola?
How high can the fever go with roseola?
What are home remedies for roseola?
What should
one do if his or her child with roseola has a seizure?
Can the fever cause a seizure?
Is a seizure due to fever dangerous?
Is there a rash with roseola?
What is most remarkable characteristic of roseola?
How long does roseola last?
Are there any complications of roseola?
Should
a child with roseola see a doctor?
When can the child return to child care?
Is it possible to prevent roseola?
What is the prognosis for a child with roseola?
Are there other names for roseola?
What is blood poisoning?
What is sepsis?
What are the stages of sepsis?
Why are there so many diseases with "sepsis," "septic," "septicemia," or "blood poisoning" in their name?
What are the risk factors for sepsis?
What are sepsis (blood poisoning) symptoms and signs?
How do health care professionals diagnose sepsis?
What types of health care professionals specialize in the treatment of sepsis?
What is the prognosis with sepsis?
What are the complications of sepsis?
Is it possible to prevent sepsis (blood poisoning)?
What are some additional sources for information on sepsis (blood poisoning)?
What is the difference between sore throat and strep throat?
When should I see a doctor for a sore throat?
How is strep throat diagnosed?
What over-the-counter (OTC) medications will soothe a sore throat?
Are antibiotics necessary for a sore throat?
What if I have multiple recurrent episodes of strep throat?
How can I prevent a sore throat?
What is the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
Are the stomach flu (gastroenteritis) and food poisoning the same condition?
Are the stomach flu (gastroenteritis) and the flu (influenza) the same infection?
What are the signs and symptoms of stomach flu (gastroenteritis) in children?
How is the stomach flu (gastroenteritis) spread?
Who gets the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
How long does the stomach flu (gastroenteritis) last?
What are the most common causes of the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
How do I know I have the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
What natural and home remedies help soothe stomach flu (gastroenteritis)
symptoms?
What should foods are recommended to eat (diet ) when you have the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
What is the treatment for the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
Which specialties of doctors treat the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
When should I call my doctor for stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
What are complications of stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
Can you prevent from getting the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
What is the prognosis for a person who gets the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?
What is the swine flu?
How is swine flu transmitted? Is swine flu contagious?
What is the incubation period for swine flu?
What is the contagious period for swine flu?
How long does the swine flu last?
What causes swine flu?
Why is swine flu now infecting humans?
What tests do health-care professionals use to diagnose swine flu?
What types of doctors treat swine flu?
What is the history of swine flu in humans?
What
are the risk factors for swine flu?
Can swine flu be prevented if the swine flu vaccine (or other flu strain vaccines) is not readily available?
Are there home remedies for swine flu?
Was swine flu (H1N1) a cause of an epidemic or pandemic in the 2009-2010 flu season?
What is the prognosis (outlook) and complications for patients who get swine flu?
Where can I find more information about swine flu (H1N1 and H3N2v)?
What is tuberculosis?
Are there different types of tuberculosis (TB)?
What are risk factors for tuberculosis?
What are tuberculosis symptoms and signs?
Is TB contagious, and how long is the incubation period and contagious period?
How do physicians diagnose tuberculosis?
What types of doctors treat TB?
What are complications of tuberculosis?
What is the prognosis of tuberculosis?
How can people prevent tuberculosis?
What is typhoid fever? What is the history of typhoid fever?
How do patients get typhoid fever?
How do the bacteria cause disease, and how is it diagnosed?
What are the symptoms of typhoid fever?
What is the treatment for typhoid fever, and what is the prognosis?
Can typhoid fever be prevented?
What is yellow fever? What is the history of yellow fever?
What causes yellow fever?
How is yellow fever transmitted?
What areas are high risk for contracting yellow fever?
What is the incubation period for yellow fever?
Is yellow fever contagious? How long is the contagious period for yellow
fever?
What types of specialists treat yellow fever?
How do health-care professionals diagnose yellow fever?
What is the treatment for yellow fever?
How long does yellow fever last?
What is the prognosis for people with yellow fever?
Is it possible to prevent yellow fever?
Where can people get more information on yellow fever?
Is Strep Throat Contagious?
Is It Wise to Take a Steroid for a Sore Throat?