DESC:def:What is anthrax?

DESC:def:Is anthrax contagious?

DESC:reason:What causes anthrax?

DESC:manner:How is anthrax contracted?

DESC:manner:How common is anthrax?

DESC:def:What are risk factors for anthrax infection?

NUM:period:How long is the incubation period with anthrax?

DESC:def:What specialists treat anthrax?

DESC:manner:How is the diagnosis made of anthrax?

DESC:def:What is the treatment for anthrax?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis for anthrax infections?

DESC:def:What is a bladder infection?

DESC:reason:What causes bladder infections?

DESC:def:What are some risk factors for bladder infection?

DESC:desc:What are the signs and symptoms of a bladder infection in men?

DESC:desc:What are the signs and symptoms of a bladder infection in children?

DESC:manner:How is a bladder infection diagnosed?

HUM:ind:Are home remedies effective for a bladder infection?

DESC:manner:How is a bladder infection during pregnancy treated?

DESC:def:What are potential complications of a bladder infection?

LOC:other:Can bladder infections be prevented?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis for a bladder infection?

DESC:def:What is bone cancer?

DESC:def:What is metastatic bone cancer?

DESC:def:What are risk factors for bone cancer?

DESC:def:What are bone cancer symptoms and signs?

HUM:ind:What kinds of bone cancer occur in children?

ENTY:other:What tests are used to diagnose bone cancer?

DESC:def:What is the treatment for bone cancer?

HUM:ind:What specialists treat bone cancer?

HUM:ind:Are there any treatments or medications that relieve bone cancer pain?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent bone cancer?

DESC:def:What is cancer?

HUM:ind:What specialists treat cancer?

DESC:manner:How do health-care professionals diagnose cancer?

DESC:manner:How do physicians determine cancer staging?

DESC:def:What is the treatment for cancer?

HUM:ind:Are there home remedies or alternative treatments for cancer?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis for cancer?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent cancer?

LOC:other:Where can people find more information about cancer?

DESC:def:What are serious but rare complications of cat scratch disease?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent cat scratch disease?

LOC:other:Where can people find more information about cat scratch disease?

DESC:def:What is chickenpox? What causes chickenpox?

DESC:def:What are risk factors for chickenpox?

DESC:manner:How does chickenpox spread? What is the contagious period for chickenpox?

DESC:def:What does chickenpox look like?

HUM:ind:What types of specialists treat chickenpox?

NUM:count:Are there home remedies for chickenpox?

DESC:def:What are the possible complications of chickenpox?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of chickenpox?

DESC:def:What is a connective tissue disease?

DESC:reason:What causes connective tissue disease?

DESC:def:What are genetic risk factors for developing connective tissue disease?

HUM:ind:What autoimmune diseases are associated with connective tissue disease?

DESC:def:What is a coxsackievirus?

DESC:desc:What are the types of coxsackieviruses, and what can they cause?

LOC:other:Is the coxsackievirus contagious?

NUM:period:How long are coxsackieviruses contagious?

DESC:def:What are coxsackievirus infection symptoms and signs?

DESC:manner:How do people get infected with coxsackievirus?

DESC:def:What are the risk factors for coxsackievirus infection?

DESC:def:What specialists treat coxsackievirus infections?

DESC:manner:How do physicians diagnose coxsackievirus infections?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent coxsackievirus infections?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of coxsackievirus infections?

DESC:def:What is endocarditis?

DESC:reason:What causes endocarditis?

DESC:def:What are the symptoms of endocarditis?

HUM:ind:Who is at risk for endocarditis?

DESC:manner:How is endocarditis diagnosed?

DESC:manner:How is endocarditis treated?

DESC:def:What is fifth disease? What causes fifth disease?

LOC:other:Are there other symptoms that can occur with fifth disease?

DESC:manner:How is fifth disease spread?

NUM:date:When is the contagious stage, and should I be isolated

HUM:ind:if I have fifth disease?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent the spread of fifth disease?

DESC:def:What is flu (influenza)?

NUM:date:When does flu season begin and end?

HUM:ind:Does a child's first flu infection help to determine the patient's lifelong risk to other viruses?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for the flu?

NUM:period:How long is the flu contagious, and how long does the flu last?

DESC:manner:How do health-care professionals diagnose the flu (influenza)?

DESC:manner:How does flu spread?

DESC:def:What is the key to flu (influenza) prevention?

HUM:ind:Are there any flu shot or nasal spray vaccine side effects in adults or in children?

DESC:manner:How effective is the flu vaccine?

DESC:reason:Why should the flu (influenza) vaccine be taken every year?

HUM:ind:What types of doctors treat the flu?

HUM:ind:What medications treat the flu?

NUM:date:What can people eat when they have the flu?

HUM:ind:When should a person go to the emergency department for the flu?

HUM:ind:Who should receive the flu vaccine, and who has the highest risk factors? When should someone get the flu shot?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis for patients who get the flu? What are possible complications of the flu?

HUM:ind:Can the flu be deadly?

DESC:def:What is the bird (avian) flu?

HUM:ind:Do antiviral agents protect people from the flu?

HUM:ind:Is it safe to get a flu shot that contains thimerosal?

LOC:other:Where can people find additional information about the flu?

DESC:def:What is rubella (German measles)?

DESC:def:What are the complications of rubella?

DESC:manner:How is rubella spread from person to person?

HUM:ind:Does my child need the rubella vaccine (MMR)?

DESC:manner:As an adult, do I need the rubella vaccine (MMR)?

DESC:def:What is group B strep?

DESC:manner:How is group B strep transmitted?

DESC:manner:How is group B strep infection diagnosed?

HUM:ind:What types of doctors treat group B strep infections?

DESC:def:What are the complications of group B strep infection?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of a group B strep infection?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent group B strep infection?

DESC:def:What is hantavirus? What is hantavirus pulmonary syndrome (HPS)?

DESC:reason:What causes hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?

DESC:def:What are risk factors for hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?

DESC:def:Is hantavirus contagious?

NUM:period:How long is hantavirus contagious?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for hantavirus?

DESC:manner:How is hantavirus pulmonary syndrome diagnosed?

HUM:ind:What specialties of doctors treat hantavirus?

DESC:def:What are complications of hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?

LOC:other:Where can people get more information on hantavirus pulmonary syndrome?

DESC:def:What is the lymph system?

DESC:def:What is Hodgkin's lymphoma?

DESC:desc:What are the types of Hodgkin's lymphoma?

DESC:manner:How is the staging determined for Hodgkin's lymphoma?

HUM:ind:Who are the doctor's who treat Hodgkin's lymphoma?

DESC:manner:How do people get a second opinion for Hodgkin's lymphoma?

DESC:def:What is the follow-up care after treatment for Hodgkin's lymphoma?

HUM:ind:What other support is available for cancer patients?

NUM:period:How long is a cold or flu contagious?

DESC:manner:How will I know if I have a cold or the flu?

DESC:manner:How do cold and flu viruses spread?

DESC:manner:How will I know if I am cured of the flu or a cold?

HUM:ind:When should someone seek medical care for a cold or the flu?

NUM:date:What is the history of HIV, and when was HIV discovered? HIV vs. AIDS

DESC:manner:How is HIV spread (transmitted)?

HUM:ind:What are symptoms and signs of HIV infection and AIDS in men, women, and children?

HUM:ind:What happens after an exposure to the blood or genital secretions of an HIV-infected person?

ENTY:other:What laboratory tests are used to monitor HIV-infected people?

NUM:date:When should antiviral therapy be started?

DESC:def:What is the initial therapy for HIV?

DESC:def:What are nucleoside and nucleotide analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs)?

DESC:def:What are nonnucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTIs)?

DESC:def:What are protease inhibitors?

DESC:def:What are fusion inhibitors?

DESC:def:What is a CCR5 antagonist?

DESC:def:What is an integrase strand transfer inhibitor?

DESC:def:What

HUM:ind:HIV drugs are in development?

DESC:desc:What are side effects of HIV therapy?

HUM:ind:What happens if the patient's viral load increases while on HIV therapy?

DESC:def:What are the risks of missing doses or stopping antiviral therapy?

HUM:ind:Should patients with the flu- or mono-like illness of primary HIV infection be treated?

HUM:ind:What about treatment for HIV during pregnancy?

HUM:ind:What can be done for people who have severe immunosuppression?

HUM:ind:What is the future for HIV-infected individuals with regards to treatment simplification and cure research?

DESC:def:What is in the future for preventing HIV transmission?

DESC:def:What is hypothermia?

DESC:def:What are the risk factors for hypothermia?

HUM:ind:What body parts are more susceptible to hypothermia?

DESC:reason:What causes hypothermia?

DESC:desc:What are the symptoms of hypothermia in infants and children?

HUM:ind:Can a person experience hypothermia indoors?

HUM:ind:When should I call my doctor for hypothermia?

DESC:manner:How is hypothermia diagnosed?

HUM:ind:What items should I have to be prepared to prevent hypothermia?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis for hypothermia?

DESC:def:What is infectious mononucleosis?

DESC:def:What is the cause of mono?

DESC:def:What are the risk factors for mono?

DESC:def:How is mono transmitted or spread? What is the incubation period for mono? What is the contagious period for mono?

DESC:def:What are the signs of mono?

HUM:ind:What specialists treat infectious mono?

DESC:def:What are the complications of mono?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of mono?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent mono?

DESC:def:What is malaria?

DESC:def:Is malaria contagious?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for malaria?

DESC:manner:How is malaria transmitted?

NUM:period:How long does malaria last, and how long will it take to be cured of malaria?

NUM:date:When should people seek medical care for a suspected malaria infection?

DESC:def:What is pneumonia?

HUM:ind:Is pneumonia contagious?

NUM:date:When is pneumonia contagious?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for pneumonia?

LOC:other:Can pneumonia spread?

NUM:period:How long is pneumonia contagious?

NUM:date:When should someone seek medical care for pneumonia?

DESC:def:What is sepsis?

DESC:def:Is sepsis contagious?

DESC:manner:How will I know if someone has sepsis?

DESC:manner:How is sepsis transmitted?

HUM:ind:When will I know I am cured of sepsis?

HUM:ind:When should I contact a health-care provider about sepsis?

DESC:def:What is swine flu?

HUM:ind:Is swine flu (H1N1) contagious?

DESC:def:What is the contagious period for swine flu (H1N1)?

DESC:manner:How will I know if I have swine flu?

DESC:manner:How is swine flu transmitted?

DESC:manner:How will I know if I am cured of swine flu?

NUM:date:When should I contact a medical caregiver about swine flu (H1N1)?

DESC:def:What is tuberculosis (TB)?

DESC:def:Is tuberculosis (TB) contagious?

DESC:manner:How will I know if I have tuberculosis?

DESC:manner:How do people transmit tuberculosis?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for tuberculosis?

DESC:manner:How will I know if I am cured of tuberculosis? What is the contagious period for TB?

NUM:date:When should I contact a medical caregiver about tuberculosis?

DESC:manner:How common is Legionnaires' disease?

DESC:manner:How is the diagnosis of Legionnaires' disease made?

HUM:ind:Who develops Legionnaires' disease?

DESC:manner:How is Legionnaires' disease spread?

DESC:manner:How can Legionnaires' disease be prevented?

DESC:def:What is leptospirosis?

DESC:reason:What causes leptospirosis?

DESC:def:Is leptospirosis contagious? What is the contagious period for leptospirosis?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for leptospirosis?

DESC:def:What are risk factors for leptospirosis?

DESC:def:What specialists treat leptospirosis?

DESC:manner:How do physicians diagnose leptospirosis?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of leptospirosis?

DESC:def:What is malaria?

DESC:def:Is malaria contagious?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for malaria?

DESC:reason:What causes malaria?

DESC:def:What specialists treat malaria?

DESC:manner:How do physicians diagnose malaria?

HUM:ind:Can malaria reoccur after treatment?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of malaria?

HUM:ind:Is there a malaria vaccine?

DESC:def:What is Marburg virus disease?

DESC:reason:What causes Marburg disease?

DESC:def:What are risk factors for getting Marburg infections?

DESC:manner:How do health-care professionals diagnose Marburg viral infections?

DESC:def:What specialists treat Marburg infections?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent Marburg virus infections?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis for a Marburg virus infection? What complications may

HUM:ind:occur with Marburg infections?

DESC:def:What research is ongoing about Marburg virus infections?

DESC:reason:Why is Africa now seeing so many cases of what were relatively rare viral

HUM:ind:diseases like Ebola and Marburg virus infections?

DESC:def:What is encephalitis?

DESC:reason:What causes encephalitis?

DESC:def:What are encephalitis symptoms and signs?

DESC:def:Is encephalitis contagious?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent encephalitis? Is there an encephalitis vaccine?

DESC:def:What is meningitis?

DESC:reason:What causes meningitis?

DESC:def:What is encephalomyelitis?

DESC:desc:What are the risk factors for encephalitis and meningitis?

HUM:ind:What specialties of doctors treat encephalitis and meningitis?

DESC:manner:How do health-care professionals diagnose encephalitis and meningitis?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis (outlook), and what are the complications for patients with encephalitis or meningitis?

DESC:def:Is meningitis contagious?

DESC:def:What is meningococcemia?

DESC:reason:What causes meningococcemia?

DESC:def:What are risk factors for meningococcemia?

DESC:def:What are symptoms and signs of meningococcemia?

DESC:manner:How is meningococcemia diagnosed?

DESC:def:What is the treatment for meningococcemia?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of meningococcemia?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent meningococcemia?

LOC:other:Where can people find more information on meningococcemia?

DESC:def:What is necrotizing fasciitis?

NUM:count:Are there different types of necrotizing fasciitis?

DESC:reason:What causes necrotizing fasciitis?

HUM:ind:Who is at risk to get necrotizing fasciitis?

HUM:ind:What types of doctors treat necrotizing fasciitis?

DESC:def:Is it possible to prevent necrotizing fasciitis? Is necrotizing fasciitis contagious?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis (outcome) for patients with necrotizing fasciitis? What are complications of necrotizing fasciitis?

LOC:other:What are some additional sources of information on necrotizing fasciitis?

DESC:def:What is non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?

DESC:desc:What is the difference between non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and Hodgkin's disease (or Hodgkin's lymphoma)?

DESC:def:What are non-Hodgkin's lymphoma risk factors?

ENTY:animal:What kind of doctors treat non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?

DESC:manner:How do physicians diagnose non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?

DESC:manner:What are the types of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, and how is non-Hodgkin's lymphoma staging determined?

DESC:def:What is the treatment for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?

DESC:def:What is the latest research on non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?

LOC:other:Where can people find more information about non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?

DESC:def:What is pericarditis?

DESC:reason:What causes pericarditis?

DESC:manner:How is pericarditis diagnosed?

DESC:def:What are the complications of pericarditis?

DESC:reason:What causes plague?

DESC:def:What are risk factors for plague?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for plague?

DESC:manner:Is plague contagious? How is plague transmitted?

DESC:def:What is the contagious period for pneumonic plague?

DESC:manner:How do physicians diagnose plague?

DESC:def:What is the treatment for plague?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of plague?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent plague? Is there a plague vaccine?

HUM:ind:Could plague be used as a biological weapon?

DESC:def:What is the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV)?

HUM:ind:When does RSV infection occur, and who gets it?

HUM:ind:Who is at risk for severe disease?

DESC:manner:Is RSV infection contagious, and how is RSV infection transmitted?

DESC:manner:How is RSV infection diagnosed?

DESC:manner:How can RSV infection be prevented?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of an RSV infection?

DESC:def:What is roseola? Is roseola contagious?

DESC:reason:What virus causes roseola?

DESC:def:How is roseola spread? What is the incubation period for roseola?

HUM:ind:What specialties of doctors treat roseola?

DESC:manner:How do health-care professionals diagnose roseola?

DESC:manner:How high can the fever go with roseola?

DESC:def:What are home remedies for roseola?

HUM:ind:What should

HUM:ind:one do if his or her child with roseola has a seizure?

HUM:ind:Can the fever cause a seizure?

DESC:def:Is a seizure due to fever dangerous?

HUM:ind:Is there a rash with roseola?

DESC:def:What is most remarkable characteristic of roseola?

NUM:period:How long does roseola last?

NUM:count:Are there any complications of roseola?

HUM:ind:Should

HUM:ind:a child with roseola see a doctor?

HUM:ind:When can the child return to child care?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent roseola?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis for a child with roseola?

NUM:count:Are there other names for roseola?

DESC:def:What is blood poisoning?

DESC:def:What is sepsis?

DESC:def:What are the stages of sepsis?

DESC:reason:Why are there so many diseases with "sepsis," "septic," "septicemia," or "blood poisoning" in their name?

DESC:def:What are the risk factors for sepsis?

DESC:def:What are sepsis (blood poisoning) symptoms and signs?

DESC:manner:How do health care professionals diagnose sepsis?

HUM:ind:What types of health care professionals specialize in the treatment of sepsis?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis with sepsis?

DESC:def:What are the complications of sepsis?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent sepsis (blood poisoning)?

LOC:other:What are some additional sources for information on sepsis (blood poisoning)?

DESC:desc:What is the difference between sore throat and strep throat?

HUM:ind:When should I see a doctor for a sore throat?

DESC:manner:How is strep throat diagnosed?

HUM:ind:What over-the-counter (OTC) medications will soothe a sore throat?

HUM:ind:Are antibiotics necessary for a sore throat?

HUM:ind:What if I have multiple recurrent episodes of strep throat?

DESC:manner:How can I prevent a sore throat?

DESC:def:What is the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

HUM:ind:Are the stomach flu (gastroenteritis) and food poisoning the same condition?

HUM:ind:Are the stomach flu (gastroenteritis) and the flu (influenza) the same infection?

DESC:desc:What are the signs and symptoms of stomach flu (gastroenteritis) in children?

DESC:manner:How is the stomach flu (gastroenteritis) spread?

HUM:ind:Who gets the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

NUM:period:How long does the stomach flu (gastroenteritis) last?

HUM:ind:What are the most common causes of the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

DESC:manner:How do I know I have the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

HUM:ind:What natural and home remedies help soothe stomach flu (gastroenteritis)

HUM:ind:symptoms?

DESC:desc:What should foods are recommended to eat (diet ) when you have the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

DESC:def:What is the treatment for the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

HUM:ind:Which specialties of doctors treat the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

HUM:ind:When should I call my doctor for stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

DESC:def:What are complications of stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

HUM:ind:Can you prevent from getting the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

HUM:ind:What is the prognosis for a person who gets the stomach flu (gastroenteritis)?

DESC:def:What is the swine flu?

DESC:manner:How is swine flu transmitted? Is swine flu contagious?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for swine flu?

DESC:def:What is the contagious period for swine flu?

NUM:period:How long does the swine flu last?

DESC:reason:What causes swine flu?

DESC:reason:Why is swine flu now infecting humans?

HUM:ind:What tests do health-care professionals use to diagnose swine flu?

HUM:ind:What types of doctors treat swine flu?

DESC:desc:What is the history of swine flu in humans?

DESC:def:What

HUM:ind:are the risk factors for swine flu?

HUM:ind:Can swine flu be prevented if the swine flu vaccine (or other flu strain vaccines) is not readily available?

NUM:count:Are there home remedies for swine flu?

HUM:ind:Was swine flu (H1N1) a cause of an epidemic or pandemic in the 2009-2010 flu season?

HUM:ind:What is the prognosis (outlook) and complications for patients who get swine flu?

LOC:other:Where can I find more information about swine flu (H1N1 and H3N2v)?

DESC:def:What is tuberculosis?

NUM:count:Are there different types of tuberculosis (TB)?

DESC:def:What are risk factors for tuberculosis?

DESC:def:What are tuberculosis symptoms and signs?

NUM:period:Is TB contagious, and how long is the incubation period and contagious period?

DESC:manner:How do physicians diagnose tuberculosis?

HUM:ind:What types of doctors treat TB?

DESC:def:What are complications of tuberculosis?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis of tuberculosis?

DESC:manner:How can people prevent tuberculosis?

DESC:def:What is typhoid fever? What is the history of typhoid fever?

DESC:manner:How do patients get typhoid fever?

DESC:manner:How do the bacteria cause disease, and how is it diagnosed?

DESC:def:What are the symptoms of typhoid fever?

DESC:def:What is the treatment for typhoid fever, and what is the prognosis?

HUM:ind:Can typhoid fever be prevented?

DESC:def:What is yellow fever? What is the history of yellow fever?

DESC:reason:What causes yellow fever?

DESC:manner:How is yellow fever transmitted?

HUM:ind:What areas are high risk for contracting yellow fever?

DESC:def:What is the incubation period for yellow fever?

NUM:period:Is yellow fever contagious? How long is the contagious period for yellow

HUM:ind:fever?

HUM:ind:What types of specialists treat yellow fever?

DESC:manner:How do health-care professionals diagnose yellow fever?

DESC:def:What is the treatment for yellow fever?

NUM:period:How long does yellow fever last?

DESC:def:What is the prognosis for people with yellow fever?

HUM:ind:Is it possible to prevent yellow fever?

LOC:other:Where can people get more information on yellow fever?

HUM:ind:Is Strep Throat Contagious?

HUM:ind:Is It Wise to Take a Steroid for a Sore Throat?
